Update links (#25145)
mdn/content: files/en-us/web/accessibility/understanding_colors_and_luminance/index.md

### Luminance

> It is the difference in the luminance of a color that enables us to see the contrast. The definition of [_relative luminance_](https://www.w3.org/WAI/GL/wiki/Relative_luminance) as defined by the W3C is "The relative brightness of any point in a colorspace, normalized to 0 for darkest black and 1 for lightest white."

Reviewer: +1  to remove this link, also because WG wikis aren't definitive sources of truth.

The normative definition is in https://www.w3.org/TR/WCAG21/#dfn-relative-luminance, I wonder if it makes sense to link (or at least mention) that instead, as we're quoting that definition, people may wonder what the source for the quote is?

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It is the difference in the luminance of a color that enables us to see the contrast. Relative luminance is defined in WCAG as “the relative brightness of any point in a colorspace, normalized to 0 for darkest black and 1 for lightest white.”
```

> It is the difference in the luminance of a color that enables us to see the contrast. The definition of _relative luminance_ as defined by the W3C is "The relative brightness of any point in a colorspace, normalized to 0 for darkest black and 1 for lightest white."

Author: ```suggestion
It is the difference in the luminance of a color that enables us to see the contrast. Relative luminance is defined in WCAG as “the relative brightness of any point in a colorspace, normalized to 0 for darkest black and 1 for lightest white.”
```

Where human perception is concerned, a difference in luminance matters more than a color difference. This is important, as luminance contrast enables the development of content that even those with color blindness can see. With this understanding, luminance may be manipulated so that colors that are difficult to see because of their low luminance could be made more legible by placing these colors against another with contrasting luminance. An interesting study by NASA on the color blue, for example, noted that this color, which has low luminance, can be made legible if _care was taken to achieve adequate luminance contrast_ (From the article, [Designing with blue](https://colorusage.arc.nasa.gov/blue_2.php))

> ### Measuring relative luminance

Reviewer: +1 to replace the detailed section with the one paragraph you propose, better level of detail (and avoids link to “the W3C's wiki”)
